Welcome to the packages directory.  This is meant to be a place where we can
consolidate packages that are to be installed on the Lightening root file
system.  Each package should live in its own diretory and should provide an
install.sh script for installation.

When you write an installer for your package, please do not use paths that may
not exist on other developers' environments.  You may depend on the environment
variables described in the top-level README.  See other package install.sh
scripts for more detail.  Also consider the following guidelines:

-- Your install script should be called install.sh

-- Your scripts should be invokeable from anywhere.  So use the standard
   environment variables to make absolute paths.

-- Your scripts should return 0, unless an error occurs.

-- You may (should!) use the functions in LinuxDist/scripts/functions to make
   your install script more maintainable, easier to read, and easier to
   understand.  See the various install scripts for examples.

-- Your script must take a -e option.  If this option is present, only
   components necessary for the embedded system should be installed.  That is,
   no header files, man pages, etc.  Consider using the set_standard_opts
   function to parse the options for you.

-- Your script must take a -c option.  If this option is present, your script
   must perform a clean build from clean source and install it.  Note that it
   is not necessary to remove installed files; you need only build from fresh
   source.  These semantics are different than scons or make clean.

-- If your install script copies a bunch of files, please make sure that it
   does not copy over .svn or other undesireable directories.

-- Use the "set -e" option at the top of your script so that if it fails at any
   step it will not proceed.  This offers the proper feedback to the caller to
   fix the failure

-- All packages in this directory should install to either
   $ROOTFS_PATH/usr/, and in some cases to $ROOTFS_PATH/.  Brio framework
   and user apps should be in $ROOTFS_PATH/usr/local.
